Cli documentation (#509)
opensearch-project/opensearch-py-ml: docs/source/cli/register_model.rst

.. _cli.register_model:

==============

> Register Model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Register a model
```

==============

Description
~~~~~~~~~~~

> The register model command allows users to register a remote model with OpenSearch. This process associates a model with a specific connector, enabling users to use the model for various ML tasks within the OpenSearch environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `model register` command to register an externally hosted model with OpenSearch. This process associates a model with a specific connector, enabling you to use the model for various machine learning (ML) tasks within the OpenSearch environment.
```

> Command Syntax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Command syntax
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

``opensearch-ml model register [--connectorId '<value>'][--name '<value>'][--description '<value>']``

**Options:**

* ``--connectorId '<value>'``: (Optional) The connector ID to associate the model with
* ``--name '<value>'``: (Optional) The name of the model
* ``--description '<value>'``: (Optional) A brief description of the model

> Usage Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usage examples
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * Interactive model registration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Registering a model interactively**
```

>     Command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use the following command to register a model interactively:
```

    ``opensearch-ml model register``

    Sample response:

    .. code-block:: plaintext

        Starting model registration...

        Setup configuration loaded successfully from /Documents/cli/setup_config.yml

        Enter the model name: OpenAI embedding model
        Enter the model description: This is a test model
        Enter the connector ID: connector123

        Successfully registered a model with ID: model123

        Enter the path to save the output information, or press Enter to save it in the current directory [/Documents/cli/output.yml]: 

        Output information saved successfully to /Documents/cli/output.yml

> * Direct model registration with all parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Registering a model directly**
```

>     Command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To register a model directly, provide all parameters to the following command:
```

    ``opensearch-ml model register --connectorId 'connector123' --name 'Test model' --description 'This is a test model'``

    Sample response:

    .. code-block:: plaintext

        Starting model registration...

        Setup configuration loaded successfully from /Documents/cli/setup_config.yml

        Successfully registered a model with ID: model123

        Enter the path to save the output information, or press Enter to save it in the current directory [/Documents/cli/output.yml]: 

        Output information saved successfully to /Documents/cli/output.yml

Output YAML file
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> After successfully register a model, the CLI saves important information about the model in an output YAML file. This file contains details that may be needed for future operations or reference. Here's an example of what the output YAML file might look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After successfully registering a model, the CLI saves important information about the model in an output YAML file. This file contains details that may be needed for future operations or reference. The output YAML file appears as follows:
```
